as
and  not all bring about the conditions that make revolution inevitable so i guess we just tried
to  relax and waited for that to
i  mean i'm not an economic
honestly
don't  really understand how he
the  firing and capitalism is good actually just leave a comment and will be happy
to  be proven rone of the simplest and most
the  notion
well  suited
society
explicitly
to  have a system that
of
so  arthur's position was
live  in the
that  democracy
i  have a system of education
prepared
possibility
today
a  capitalist
all  around
have  education
kindest  thing i can say
on  the
unbelievably  stupid and irrelevant criticism
is  that i can sympathize
the  extent to which there are products
a  bad education
i'm  a product of a bad
for  son who becomes a cool
canada  in the united states
stereotype  with me here a little
person  to become
public  school teacher especial
there  likely someone
it's
care  of
why  it's import
to  be nice to elderly
there's  someone who can explain to children to crossing the road
talking  to police officers
they  may be someone motivated a little bit by a sense of preparing the
for  the most part
seemed  to be a kind of ethical
feebly  rare
to  meet a school
these  colors
it  states america canada
australia  england
italy  rare to meet a school teacher
understand
not  even so was like a really sophisticated you captain
people  become school teachers
or  themselves part of a kind of wear a socialist economy within
free  market gaps
people  who are early age commit to living their whole lives on that government job
that  government pay check their people who had early age turn away from the reality
of  what the free market is a capital as their people who make very little effort
understand
structurally  historically or analytical
what  capitalism is
uniquely  poorly prepared
teach  the next generation the advantages or disadvantages
in  short i think ninety nine point nine per cent of school
he  states canada cara i think ninety nine point percent of them would not
come  on you tube to day and give a lecture on what capitalism is
what  it means how the system works its advantages of this man is seen a spontaneous lecture
on  the contrast between capitalism feudalism socialism and
something  i can do at the drop of a hat if you bump into me at starbuck and asked
me  to give you that lecture trust me off the top of my head no preparation who knows at all these
outvies  are made preparation and no hot
so
come
a  common
becomes  a social
these  countries
these  colors
think  there are a lot of people who grow up
with  a sincere interest
taking  care of
interest  in helping elderly people
cross  the road
with  a centres in helping the poor
making  the world a better place
still
do  not understand
capitalism
they  offer one critique after another
just  neither good nor bad
i
and  in the same way that the film industry benefits are
it's  not a bad thing to criticize cinema
foretold  for the
capitalism  thrives on
capitalism  improves in response to descent have your dispraise
the  free market place of ideas
descend  and conflicting viewpoints in criticism that's good for capitalism
whereas  authoritarian regimes are terror
the  left wing or
totalitarian
but  when i hear this critique of capitalism from
light
so  were relevant
sitting  there on
the  problem is our economy fundamentally operates in
inevitable  these repulsive juxtapositions of
he
trying  to say isn't the problems with our economy are not just the product of greed or some other personal
moral
wealthy  capitalism as we know it is a defective economic system i'm going to good
a  universal
blame  the system and tality
always
a  single sentence from the philosopher arthur she
changed  my life where he says
by  definition
and  abstraction
less  information
seeing  it is abstract
my  life
what  are we doing when we say oh no the problem isn't the
the  capitalist system great great semesters always want to say oh you see these drug
addicts  living homeless on the streets of philadelphia san francisco
vancouver  you see these homeless drug addicts
the  problem is a drug addiction
the  problem is the system the problem is the capitalist system blame
capitalism  what do we doing there
were  moving away from the examination of
and  tangible and real
particular  causes and particular consequences
particular  solution
were  shifting our focus to an abstraction and that abstraction
towers  over
seems  insurmountable and insoluble just as contrapuntist doing your
will  i guess i guess we just have to wait until we can turn the whole system down there's no point
going  up your sleeves and getting your hands dirty and actually try to help almost people there's no point actually
trying  to tackle the root causes of drug addiction there's no
simultaneously  fatalistic and revolutionary that's been a
key  part of the whole mark is project since camarine
the  people there's a weird sense of resignation is built into
radicalism
that  mentality of blame the system
always  wrong
always
are  used to study creed and a jibway as languages
first  nations languages native american language i care a lot of what that
a  lot of but the suffering and oppression and almost genocide
of  the indigenous people
of  the world but yet especially in united states and canada
the
have  you ever talked to a left wing or a told you the reason why it so hard to
learn  preterea why it's so hard to learn your way the reason why mohocks
a  language is going extinct
is  the capitalist system
it's  the same paternoster problem isn't the problem the
problem  is this big towering abstraction you know what intelligised do i
mean  to both revolutionary impulses and resignation is where people
feel  they can't do anything about the part
no  guess what you know what the problem is on the streets of los angeles and the streets of vancouver
the  problem really is drug addiction the problem really is heroine
and  pain killers and metapedia
and  you would still have that problem under feudalism you would still have that problem
under  communism it's just not true that you can blame capitalism for this and
guess  what the horrors of genocide government policy and capitalism
the  wind on capitalism with the canadian government did to our native people is
parallel  it almost identical to what joseph stalin was doing donative people on indigenous
languages  in the same period of time the questions of providing education for
indigenous  languages for endangered languages in the twenty first century there not fundamentally
attributable  to capitalism and the solution is not to get rid of the stock market
or  banking the big in selling of private property for houses
it's  a very strange mind trick people are engaged in here with the blame
the  system until
fundamentally  miss perceiving
the  problem in the solution
repetition  i see people training themselves not just
to  do this with these particular issues drug addiction indigenous people and angered languages
of  homelessness
train  themselves to do it
everything
in  the result really is what contraints indorses here the result is champagne socialism
there  was salt is
fiddling  while rome burns people cultivating their own sense of
left  wing moral superiority over the capitalist
doing  nothing about
the  tragedy
there  were right wing conservative christian
actually  helped the poor hands on face to face
they  can tell you what the causes of poverty are
they  can tell you without even going to the economic statistics but the statistics
help  because they see it every day till now why these people are
poor  they know what their struggles are if the right wing were leased
as  they personally don't sympathize with and don't want to eat lunch with i might prefer
to  have lunch with the left wing maniac like counterpoint probably we endorses much more she
isn't  began so be a problem whatever question here is not will want a socialist with
a  started as soon as we start dealing
particular  problems as particular and stop blaming the system and
stop  blaming capitalism that's when you get to grips with
causes  of what those
capitalism  as we know it is a defective economic
because  although it's good at creating large amounts of
it  distributes that wealth and an incredibly inefficient
where  efficiency is understood not as the capacity to maximize total wealth but as the
capacity  to
it  seems obvious to me that the economy should serve humanity so what i look for
it  produces the most happiness for
that's  why i don't really agree with a place
peter
who  has this idea that many of the world's problems could be solved if privileged american
college  students would just become hedgeman agers and donate most of their income to buying this quidnet
the  congo that i
incredibly  base an
particular
so  echo
social  and political philosophy
orderly  despite i think i
more  than content
however
i  still wrong
still  a riding
laughably
sophy
on  trade
thus  it stupid and it's bad and it's wrong
not  for the reason
you  know what the reason is
measure
nobody  on the left ever wants to do the math and went through this hole that he from
canton
and  that beastly deleted the jokes and digress
just  hearing what her argument about capitalism is just the serious
it
together  from what was that for one thing she is shocking say when you
let  the digressions of the jokes there's almost nothing there but you know what really like
at
do  the man do you have any idea how much money it takes
to  provide free education to poor people in america but you stick with that one
budget  without getting into health care and all the other burdens that are put on the goverment
think  about the cost of providing education
by  definition
not  a word to
you  are james came
can  i
multimillionaire  seems cameron of the wine
states  he is one of the richest
in  the whole world you know what
tried  to open his own school
in  one school i did some research into it but two years ago
but  it's dorigen you will pass the height that in the newspapers about
this  james
for
james  cameron is a multi millionaire
barely  had the money to run one really crappy really small scale
school
students  who are themselves predominantly the children of millionaire
even  on that level it failed because government budgets were dictation
in  the million
not  in the billions
trillions  and they stretch out over centuries
money  and organization on a time scale that even
a  millionaire license
you  want imagine cannot afford you need to be biting into debt
on  a level absolutely no watery
and  no private individual
evil  can do
vision  and commitment in me to be able to employ people
and  provide them with retirement
the  number of
sure
james  cameron decided to bankrupt him
try  to provide such treatment both there
by  your toilet and the provision of clear running water what if he tries to
do  that
by  definition have no money to pay for it people who are too poor
to  pay for
to  receive this
not  something
never  handle and that's why the intercalation that's why the libertarians
are  wrong
the  catholic
in  many evil europe
i  have possibly provided education the
scale  and quality the
of  america
and  the united states were goodnature education system
the  estate to wegener mention in the class of truly great education
systems  in the world with sweden and singapore
in  sweden and singapore there is no way that any number of millionaires
whether  they work in finance
making  multi million dollar hit
there  is no way that they could ever replace the function of the state
the  coercive centralized top down state
glory  of capitalism
precisely  that is compatible with the limited deployment of
socialism  and the tragedy of socialism is that it not compatible with
cabalism  with socialism is in charge capitalism failed but when capitalism
is  in charge the limited use of socialism can flourish to at least
to  my naive eyes
the  millions of
money  to securely
food
what  is there no man why is it no body on the
left  wing is sincerely interested in poverty enough to look at the numbers
why  is there no examination of the history of poverty even within the united states
of  america let alone looking at real world contrast like sweden and
denmark  and cinnamon why why
it  is not possible for this to be more than propaganda with
them  doing the laugh now as of people living in poverty and what
are  they living in poverty for no reason or they don't responsibilities in life or
no  olorun addicts are none of the people like me who just chose to live a
more  meaningful life who may choices in our education career that did emphasize
earning  money or not opepe like you gardenhouse to major in philosophy
in  the manuvring at starbuck what about breaking in those numbers
and  looking at the petticoat results from different kinds of rotates
all  other
and  since people compare themselves to others that leads to all kinds of additional as
the  study of capuchin monkey that shows that you were ward one monkey for
grave  and a monkey in the adjacent cage
the  monkey who gives the cucumber
i
and  if you do this the humans for long enough the dark building
it  is just how
and  to be a student and a really crappy university in saskatchewan
and  i was a student there for idealistic public spirited
reasons  i was there studying green age because i cared about the extinction
of  those languages in the history of genocide of those people and public policy and politics in the future
and  what we can do improve that situation was interested in the philosophy of education and the real world
improvement  of what's going on in our schools and preventing those languages from point was
there  for those reasons that is highly motivated and my life was meaningful
you  know what
if  i wanted to earn money i could have walked across the whole way
and  enrolled in the classes on hydrocarbon
energy
that  university had one of the best apartments in canada they claimed was one of the best in the world
to  prepare you for a career working on an oil
ring
oil  drilling gasoline extracting tracking
industries  they were there and you know what
i  mean people
but  eminently chinese people who came in and rolled in that to parent and those people
said  to me you got a love chinese culture they said to me straight to my face they chose
to  enroll in the topic that would earn them the most money one of the guides said to me he
specifically  decided with in oil drilling to focus on least
dangerous  post polluted and the most high paying best
profitable  job dolgelley whole life into one
i  was literally a crack head he was still rich even though he became a
continent  you know why causes to work in the oil in the street
and  i could have chosen to go into oil and gas i could have chosen to go into real estate i could
have  chosen many reliable careers to earn a decent wage and i
didn't  choose that and you know what the responsibility is not dead i have
both  the benefits and the cost of your wife i was stuck with it but i don't look
back  at my life and just in this stupid shallow nature we blame the system
if  you chose to become a filmy girl or a philosopher or a linguist
or  anthropologist on that choice yes it involved so sacrifice
but  becoming a dentist of blessed too do you really want to study for those exams
in  organic chemistry and go through the whole process of becoming a dentist do you want to do the
boring  repetitive work of being a dentist every day do you want to wake up and drive a truck out
to  an oil rag every day okay do people make sacrifices too but yet we may different
sacrifices  with different rewards and i can feel some sense of ownership over that you know
what  i'm privileged to have redressed the years of my life thinking about philosophy and politics
instead  of working on well rig instead of being a dentist my grandmother was a dentist she said it was absolute
misery  it was appallingly boring repetitive or paid well she owned a nice house but it was
never  enough it never one thing my grandmother and grandfather that same perorate said it
again  again as the money is never enough it will never be fulfilling my grandmother
became  a dentist and all she ever said to her own children was don't do it don't sell
out  don't adopt a job or a career or an education path for money and i am
the  last person to put this forward as some kind of glorious
faultless  system
not  faultless there should be meaningful critique of the disadvantages
of  capitalism when i lived in communist china i was amazed that i met
people  who didn't choose their career path who were assigned to their major university
by  the government and that one girl she had absolutely no interest in learning vietnamese
she  wanted to learn english and the government said no we already have enough people who speak english
you  need to learn the names this is your major this is your carpet and they couldn't be in ther ajo
as  a vietnamese translator if she would just in to the great men another girl who
never  wanted to be a nurse had no interest in medicine they said look these are your test scores
these  are the subjects of high school you were good at these your bad at thinned more nurses were putting
you  into nursing this is your major you don't get a choice wheesht the government pays her tuition
free  tuition
guaranteed  job for life which she didn't want it she didn't
choose  it and it worthwhile to criticize the capitalism the same way aristotle did
to  wood extent are the inequalities or society chosen more not chosen
to  what extent is the inequality in political participation something chosen
or  not chosen can you have your voice heard in parliament at city
hall  in the senate than you participate or not it may be not all the time may
be  your best busy being a dentist three hundred days a year but you still have some
days  of the year that you can spend at city hall at parliament in the senate or what have you
is  there a principle of equality of opportunity
equality  by rotation equality by taking turns those are really meaningful
questions  and we can criticize the status quo in the united states and we criticize the status quo in
sweden  and the criticism is meaningful and salient and valid its good account
new  practical conclusions of what we can do to improve democracy
and  to improve capitalism but none of these critiques are so sincerely
motivated  there all instant motivated by trying to reach the stupid
resignation  and fatalism of markets the system is flawed
therefore  one can do is sit back and wait for a revolution capitalist
and  not all bring about the conditions that make revolution inevitable so i guess we just tried
to  relax and waited for that to have
the  approach to this topic is not to try to resurrect soviet communism or anything like
but  rather to identify problems with the
seemed  to come and happy
then  what i think of communism in particular i think of austerity scarcity
conformity  undrinkable victory in the end of fashion all art
and  just in all around me marston for a burst of my persuasion is not
for  no reason at all but i have anxieties some there was an aspect of that to some
capitalism  deserves criticism and capitalism
benefit
sive
silent
criticism  that begins from cartoonist stereotypes
to  end with cartoner attend to only be valid
when  directed toward those
doolally  think
people  support capitalism because they want to oppress the
poor  because they want their to me more poverty
worse  poverty do you think
that  when communism fell apart in cambodia
people
supported  a transition to a free market capitalist on
think
wanted  to oppress the four do you think they believe poverty would get
loose  under capitalism than it was under communism or socialism
now  with the left wing as to wake up to and they could only wake up to this but
looking  through tangible real world examples in detail whether that be sweeter
or  whether that became one people of principle and through
saleroom  knowledge as well as ideological commitment to optimistic ideas like democracy
and  freedom of speech and freedom the best people genuinely believed they
were  hoping the poor
by  helping cambodia make a transition from communism to capitalism
people  genuinely believed they would reduce in a quality economic
and  cardinalitial inequality by switching from communist authoritarianism
to  democratic capitalism and now at the tragedy is they were right
and  nobody on the left and the learned from that example
nobody  was willing to examine what happened in cambodia its advantages and disapinted
the  form of capitalism they haven't cambodia
absolutely  to
capitalism  and give body compared to capitalism and sweeten
absolutely  terrible
capitalism  and cambodia
communism  and cambodia
very
of  capitalism presented by the left of the twenty first century
stories  people's understanding of what capitalism is just
one  tentacle the conversation many times in my life a boat
redistributing  landowners
with  less wingers who are under the delusion
distributing  land ownership
is  socialism
giving  land to the poor
is  communism and its not
both  by definition and socially historically
communist  governments do
centralize  landowners
the  definition
communism  as if actually existing historical form of government for example
communist  cambodia but under two different companies averments centralized
all  ownership of the land in the hands of the state in the hands of the common
socialism  by definition would be about the
public  sector owning
the  government owning land the state owing land excluding
private  property of
tribute  landownership
giving  land to the poor that capitalism
historically
in  real life real experience as well as on a shackford
the  critique of capitalism had distorted the understanding of what the distinctions are
were  talking about her
i  is a really great example to stick with
the  communist government cambodia
to  all the way in a way from the peasants from both the rich and the poor the centralized landownership
tent  after a couple of years they lose faith in communism themselves
when  communism broke down fell apart and ended in camp
that
when  the government distributed private property to the poor when they said okay
let's  divide up the land equally
and  handed out to every one so that all the poor peasants of the people whose lives have been
completely  devastated by the horrors of communism so they have something to work with
as  we transition back to a free market
and  you know what
she  just like capitalism itself
didn't  create
equality
if  you were to california oregon washington state is a lot of empty land
if  you take it it up and give it up to poor people
don't  create
what
creates
fortune
and  with the passage of time
only  to opportunity and unequal outcomes
by  definition creates more and more
different  farmers in cambodia planted different crops
and  some were lucky and some were unlucky and in many cases i mean some people got
better  land than others that's one thing even when you looking at people who receive rice plots
precisely
one  family
come  down with tuberculosis
and  they would end up selling their farm land
the
life  isn't
private  property ownership
equal  distribution of the ownership of report still doesn't produce
equality
produces  opportunity and these examples there full of interesting
inspirational  conclusions we can draw about the advantages and disadvantages of capitalism
and  the period of time in which cambodia reverted back to capelmann could do a
critique  of the ways in which that produced
a  bad society although the society of communications
was  so much better than the total disaster they had under communism was so much better
than  masturbation mass violence mass persecuted
infinitely  better nevertheless a society deserving of criticism
a  society that would benefit from criticism we could all become better educated better informed better
actives  better politicians if we engage in the critique of capital
the  critique of capitalism offered by people a contraints
it's  so bad that is not just the relevant to what capitalism
function  is to further mislead people in the public should they don't even
understand  what the distinction between capitalism and communism is any more so i guess
my  method to socialists of the world is that actually stuff is good glamours
good  video games
luxury  is goosman even gold is good if you don't abuse
it  so i guess my final take here is actually champagne socialism is good
but  i'm not talking with a champagne classes becoming social i'm talking about redistributing the god dansomania